chore: Merge branch `dev` to `main` (#5)
ReVanced/revanced-manager-apkmirror-downloader: README.md

   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

# 👋🔌 ReVanced Manager Downloaders

![GitHub Workflow Status (with event)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ReVanced/revanced-manager-downloaders/release.yml)
![GPLv3 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-yellow.svg)

> The collection of ReVanced downloaders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collection of ReVanced downloaders maintained by the Manager team.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't see why adding this, the end user doesn't even know who the manager team is and it is obvious the repo is maintained by ReVanced members since it's under ReVanced org.

## 🧑‍💻 Usage

> - A downloader is managed as Android apps. Download and install the APK file from the releases page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Downloaders are managed as Android apps. Download and install the APK file from the releases page.
```

- After installing, restart ReVanced Manager and enable the downloader in the settings.
- The downloader will now be usable.

> ### APMMirror Downloader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### APKMirror Downloader
```

This downloader will open an [APKMirror](https://www.apkmirror.com/) page where you can download the apk as you would normally do.

> If the chosen file is a bundle (.apkm file), the downloader will automatically merge it into a .apk file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the chosen file is a bundle (`apkm` file), the downloader will automatically merge it into an APK file.
```

### Play Store Downloader
When you get prompted, log in to Google with your account. After that, you will be able to download apps from the Play Store.

> [!WARNING]

> > Due to technical limitations, it is only possible to download the latest version of the app. If the ReVanced suggested version differs from the latest, the installation will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Due to technical limitations, it is only possible to download the latest version of the app. If the suggested version differs from the latest, the installation will fail.
> This plugin is not officially endorsed by or affiliated with Google. All usage is at your own risk.
```

Reviewer: This was not fully applied.
